Laboratory work 5 Description  

Working on this laboratory, I had to implement the final simulation of the project. Simulation must run continuously. We start it and observe the process until we explicitly finish it. My project simulates the process of a university. In this way, the time is split into 3 ways for us to get some results. We have months, session time and a year. In order to make the decisions, I made them based on previous results. In this way, the data can be more accurate. 

First of all, The simulation shows students that go to university. Their names are generated at random, because we need more data in order to get some real results. After some time, we get the report of monthly statistics that shows us how many students went to university, full time or part time. After a few months, the session time is coming, and for each department, we get the students' reports based on the work they have done so far, on whether the laboratory work they submitted was accepted or not. If they are accepted, meaning that they presented all the labs, they are accepted to take the midterm, otherwise they failed the course and can't go further. 

For those who were accepted by the professor for the laboratory work, they can take the midterms. If the midterm grade is > 5, they pass the midterm, so they get accepted for the final exam, so they take another exam. If they pass this exam, the final grade will be computed. Otherwise, they failed the course. 

At the end of the session, I created a report about how many students had failed and passed the exam and the best rate of success for the department based on the previous grades of the students. After the session time, a few months pass, and then it is the end of the year and we get some statistics based on the data I collected across all the processes. For example, the total number of students that went to university (full time or part time), how many students passed successfully, and how much money has been collected from the laboratory taxes paid by students. 

In conclusion, I enjoyed working on this simulation because each time I got to learn something new and it was interesting to search for and discover new information. From the process itself, I learned how to be more patient in order not to hurry and make small mistakes that lead to bigger ones. I tried to respect all the requirements and to use my imagination in order to create an interesting simulation.
